[DOCS-1653] Zipkin tracing plugin bump version, add missing configs (2.4 CE beta/GA), add datatypes (#2713)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/zipkin/index.md

      required: false
      default: '`0.001`'
      value_in_examples: 0.001
      datatype: number
      description: |
        How often to sample requests that do not contain trace ids.
        Set to `0` to turn sampling off, or to `1` to sample **all** requests. The
        value must be between zero (0) and one (1), inclusive.
    - name: default_service_name
      required: false
      datatype: string
      description: |

>         The default service name to override the unknown-service-name spans. XX REVIEWERS this option does not appear in the schema?

Author: done

      default: preserve
      datatype: string
      description: |
        All HTTP requests going through the plugin will be tagged with a tracing HTTP request.
        This property codifies what kind of tracing header the plugin expects on incoming requests.
        Possible values are `b3`, `b3-single`, `w3c`, `preserve`, `jaeger`, or `ot`. The `b3` option means that
        the plugin expects [Zipkin's B3 multiple headers](https://github.com/openzipkin/b3-propagation#multiple-headers)
        on incoming requests, and will add them to the transmitted requests if they are missing from it.
        The `b3-single` option expects or adds Zipkin's B3 single-header tracing headers.
        The `w3c` option expects or adds W3C's traceparent tracing header. The `preserve` option
        does not expect any format, and will transmit whatever header is recognized or present,
        with a default of `b3` if none is found. In case of a mismatch between the expected and incoming
        tracing headers (for example, when `header_type` is set to `b3` but a w3c-style tracing header is
        found in the incoming request), then the plugin will add both kinds of tracing headers

>         to the request and generate a mismatch warning in the logs. XX REVIEWERS need a description for jaeger and ot.

Reviewer: `jaeger
```suggestion
        to the request and generate a mismatch warning in the logs. `jaeger` will use and expect [Jaeger-style tracing headers](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.22/client-libraries/#propagation-format) (`uber-trace-id`). The `ot` option is for [OpenTelemetry tracing headers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/96e8523544f04c305da5382854eee06218599075/extensions/trace_propagators/src/main/java/io/opentelemetry/extensions/trace/propagation/OtTracerPropagator.java) of the form `ot-tracer-*`.
```

    - name: default_header_type
      required: true
      default: b3
      datatype: string
      description: |
        Allows specifying the type of header to be added to requests with no pre-existing tracing headers
        and when `config.header_type` is set to `"preserve"`.
        When `header_type` is set to any other value, `default_header_type` is ignored. Possible values are
        `b3`, `b3-single`, `w3c`, `jaeger`, or `ot`.
    - name: tags_header
      required: true
      default: Zipkin-Tags
      datatype: string
      description: |
        XX REVIEWERS need a description

>     - name: static_tags
>       required: false
>       default: {}
>       value_in_examples: { { name = "color", value = "red" } }
>       datatype: array
>       description: |
>         The tags specified on this property will be added to the generated request traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - name: static_tags
      required: false
      default: []
      value_in_examples: [ { name = "color", value = "red" } ]
      description: |
        The tags specified on this property will be added to the generated request traces.
```

        found in the incoming request), then the plugin will add both kinds of tracing headers
        to the request and generate a mismatch warning in the logs. `jaeger` will use and expect
        [Jaeger-style tracing headers](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.22/client-libraries/#propagation-format) (`uber-trace-id`).
        The `ot` option is for [OpenTelemetry tracing headers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/96e8523544f04c305da5382854eee06218599075/extensions/trace_propagators/src/main/java/io/opentelemetry/extensions/trace/propagation/OtTracerPropagator.java) of the form `ot-tracer-*`.
    - name: default_header_type
      required: true
      default: b3
      datatype: string
      description: |
        Allows specifying the type of header to be added to requests with no pre-existing tracing headers
        and when `config.header_type` is set to `"preserve"`.
        When `header_type` is set to any other value, `default_header_type` is ignored. Possible values are
        `b3`, `b3-single`, `w3c`, `jaeger`, or `ot`.
    - name: tags_header
      required: true
      default: Zipkin-Tags
      datatype: string
      description: |

>         XX REVIEWERS need a description

Author: @kikito need description

>         XX REVIEWERS need a description

Reviewer: The Zipkin plugin will add extra headers to the tags associated with any HTTP requests that come with a header named as configured by this property. The format is `name_of_tag=value_of_tag`, separated by commas. For example: with the default value, a request with the header `Zipkin-Tags: fg=blue, bg=red` will generate a trace with the tag `fg` with value `blue`, and another tag called `bg` with value `red`.
